All right array replace we're going to take in three three parameters the input array which is going
to be an array numbers and element to replace and a substitute element.
So our objective here is we're going to iterate through the array.
We're then going to find the element that we're in check to see if that value is the element to replace
if it is risk swap it out with the substitution element.
I don't really have any hints for you for this one this is just a pure logic sort of algorithm.
Let's jump right into it.
All right.
Slade is this is.
I didn't have a variable or anything.
I store this I basically just modified and put a array.
So at the end here what we want to return is a modified version of input array and I took our input
array and I just used it for each loop on it and on here.
And I think I might be able to refine this but we'll do it this way.
I pass in an element an index element would be a number and it would also be a number.
And I just checked to see if our current value in our in our array is exactly equal to the element to
replace.
We want to go ahead and set the and put her
on that index equal to a substitution element.
Now I'm looking at this and that's it.
We're done actually.
I only get on this second second class.
I think what we can do is eliminate this index and just set element equal to that.
For some reason that doesn't do it which is very surprising.
So I did I did for some reason have this set
up.
I wonder if it's because it stores a reference to it perhaps.
I'd have to look a little bit more into the fine details for each.
But the logic is pretty much the same here.
We're then changed and then put the value here where you answer it we're doing the check and then if
it is true we're going to go ahead and reset the value there.
Then finally just turn that around.